Added Mautic Marketplace - TEDU-126 (#107)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/marketplace/marketplace.rst

##################

.. warning:: 

    The first marketplace version doesn't verify Mautic version compatibility yet, as this requires a change in each existing Plugin.

    Please don't blindly manually install Plugins you see there as they may not work with your version of Mautic. Always verify if they support your Mautic version before installing. Developers can refer to the :xref:`Developer Documentation Marketplace` for how to make your Plugin compatible with the Mautic Marketplace.

.. vale off

Enabling the Mautic marketplace
********************************

.. vale on

From Mautic 4.2, a setting in the Mautic Configuration specifies that the instance uses Composer, which allows the installation, update, and removal of Plugins in the Mautic Marketplace. This is a requirement due to the technology which underpins the Mautic Marketplace.

.. image:: images/switch-enable-composer.png
  :width: 800
  :alt: Screenshot of switch enable Composer

Once configured, you can search the marketplace using the filter, and install Plugins by selecting the option from the dropdown.

.. image:: images/composer-enabled.png
  :width: 800
  :alt: Screenshot of Composer enabled

> If you haven’t correctly set the Composer setting, Mautic displays a warning that the Mautic Marketplace is available in read-only mode, with a link which explains how to transition to a :doc:`Composer-managed</getting_started/switching_composer>` installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't correctly set the Composer setting, Mautic displays a warning that the Mautic Marketplace is available in read-only mode, with a link which explains how to transition to a :doc:`Composer-managed</getting_started/switching_composer>` installation.
```

Packagist information
=====================

:xref:`Packagist` is a PHP package repository. It's not related specifically to the Mautic Community, but to the PHP community.

All the PHP packages listed in Packagist are installable by Composer which is a tool for dependency management used under the hood when you install a Mautic Plugin. The Packagist section shows download stats of Plugin installations in different time frames.

Context menu
============
The context menu shows actions you can take.

* Close takes you to the List View

* Install installs the Plugin

* Issue tracker opens a new window with the issue tracker for the Plugin. It shows only if the Plugin has this information available. Use this option to search for issues with the Plugin and to report new issues to the maintainers.

CLI command
***********

The Marketplace has commands for those who prefer using the command line to the user interface, or for automation of processes.

.. vale off

List Plugins
============

.. vale on

> ``bin/console mautic:marketplace:list`` lists first page of available Plugins like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bin/console mautic:marketplace:list`` lists the first page of available Plugins like so:
```

.. code:: shell

  -p, --page[=PAGE]      Page number [default: 1]
  -l, --limit[=LIMIT]    Packages per page [default: 15]
  -f, --filter[=FILTER]  Filter the packages [default: ""]
  -h, --help             Display this help message

Example usage how to search for a ``Captcha`` Plugin: ``bin/console mautic:marketplace:list --filter=captcha``

Planned features
================

Watch out for more features in future releases including:

* Automatic Plugin updates - a configuration that allows you to set globally whether you want to automatically upgrade Plugins and also have the possibility of configuring this at the Plugin level. Automatic upgrades make sense only for bug fix releases. Other releases are too risky and manual updates required. :xref:`API reference`

* List security advisories :xref:`API reference`,

* Notifications about new versions and security vulnerabilities that identified,

* Support also Theme installations and updates.

.. vale off

How to get your Plugin listed on the Mautic Marketplace
*******************************************************

.. vale on

Please review the resources on the :xref:`Developer Documentation Marketplace` for more information.

> 

Reviewer: Please remove all the blank space at the end of the page!
